README.md, before:

# Arhma Baig 
Personal and University Projects Portfolio

## Projects:
- Capstone Project
Extracting ground truth data through applying ray tracing to an animated 3D model using the Blender Python API and Open3D. This is part of the data collection of the Capstone Project, 3D Shape Correspondence of Deformable Objects from Sequential Point Clouds.
https://github.com/Arma1500/capstone2025

- Robo Da Vinci - Image Processor
Selfie Drawing Robot, using the UR3. Responsible for the Image Processing subsections which involved incorporating OpenCV capabilities such as face and edge detection to create paths the robot can follow, along with developing a testing implementation plan for it.

 
- Mars Rover in ROS1
Simulating mobile robot navigation through a cave environment with ROS and Python. Developed an object detection model by training a Cascade Classifier through OpenCV.

- Weed Dectection Robot in ROS2
Simulating an autonomous Weed Detection robot in a farm environment with ROS2 and Gazebo. Developed a 3D farm environment in Gazebo and implemented both AMCL navigation and SLAM with ROS2 toolboxes to determine which method was best suited to the problem.

Commit message:

Enhance README with personal introduction
Added an 'About Me' section to provide personal background and skills.

README.md, after:

# Arhma Baig 
Personal and University Projects Portfolio

## About Me
Graduate Mechatronics Engineer passionate about integrated hardware and software systems. Skilled in C++ and Python with experience in a range of robotics control, and computer vision projects.  I am motivated to gain industry insights and contribute meaningfully to innovative, real-world solutions while further developing my skills in the mechatronics field. Currently seeking a graduate or professional opportunity to apply my analytical problem-solving and multidisciplinary collaboration skills to innovative industry projects.

## Projects:
- Capstone Project
Extracting ground truth data through applying ray tracing to an animated 3D model using the Blender Python API and Open3D. This is part of the data collection of the Capstone Project, 3D Shape Correspondence of Deformable Objects from Sequential Point Clouds.
https://github.com/Arma1500/capstone2025

- Robo Da Vinci - Image Processor
Selfie Drawing Robot, using the UR3. Responsible for the Image Processing subsections which involved incorporating OpenCV capabilities such as face and edge detection to create paths the robot can follow, along with developing a testing implementation plan for it.
 
- Mars Rover in ROS1
Simulating mobile robot navigation through a cave environment with ROS and Python. Developed an object detection model by training a Cascade Classifier through OpenCV.

- Weed Dectection Robot in ROS2
Simulating an autonomous Weed Detection robot in a farm environment with ROS2 and Gazebo. Developed a 3D farm environment in Gazebo and implemented both AMCL navigation and SLAM with ROS2 toolboxes to determine which method was best suited to the problem.
